What is Caching? How can you save money with Caching? How does Caching work? 

	The data in a cache is generally stored in fast access hardware such as RAM (Random-access memory) and may also be used in correlation with a software component. A cache's primary 
	purpose is to increase data retrieval performance by reducing the need to access the underlying slower storage layer.

What is CAP Theorem? 

	In theoretical computer science, the CAP theorem, also named Brewer's theorem after computer scientist Eric Brewer, states that any distributed data store can only provide two of the 
	following three guarantees: Consistency Every read receives the most recent write or an error.

What is Eventual Consistency? 

	Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing to achieve high availability that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item,
	eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value.

What is Strong Consistency? 
	
	Strong consistency is one of the consistency models used in the domain of concurrent programming. The protocol is said to support strong consistency if: All accesses are seen by all 
	parallel processes

What are the different types of databases? 
	
	Relational databases. Relational databases have been around since the 1970s. ... NoSQL databases. Cloud databases. Columnar databases. Wide column databases. Object-oriented databases.
	Key-value databases. Hierarchical databases.

What are message queues? 

	In computer science, message queues and mailboxes are software-engineering components typically used for inter-process communication, or for inter-thread communication within the 
	same process. They use a queue for messaging – the passing of control or of content.

What is Pub Sub ? 

	Pub/Sub enables you to create systems of event producers and consumers, called publishers and subscribers

What is Docker? Why do we use it? 

	Docker is an open source containerization platform. It enables developers to package applications into containers—standardized executable components combining application source code
	with the operating system (OS) libraries and dependencies required to run that code in any environment.

What is Cloudfront in AWS? 
	
	Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files.

What is TLS? 

	Transport Layer Security, the successor of the now-deprecated Secure Sockets Layer, is a cryptographic protocol designed to provide communications security over a computer network


What is the difference HTTPS vs HTTP? 

	HTTPS is HTTP with encryption. The only difference between the two protocols is that HTTPS uses TLS (SSL) to encrypt normal HTTP requests and responses. As a result, HTTPS is far 
	more secure than HTTP.

What is a reverse proxy? 

	In computer networks, a reverse proxy is the application that sits in front of back-end applications and forwards client requests to those applications. Reverse proxies help 
	increase scalability, performance, resilience and security.